Clarify that IlcPath variable is required (#7970)
dotnet/corert: Documentation/how-to-build-and-run-ilcompiler-in-console-shell-prompt.md

</Project>
```

> * Set IlcPath environment variable to point to the built binaries. Alternatively, pass an extra `/p:IlcPath=<repo_root>\bin\Windows_NT.x64.Debug` argument to all dotnet commands below. **Important:** Do not use path, since `IlcPath` is required variable for building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set IlcPath environment variable to point to the built binaries. Alternatively, pass an extra `/p:IlcPath=<repo_root>\bin\Windows_NT.x64.Debug` argument to all dotnet commands below. **Important:** Use of the `IlcPath` variable is required as the target files rely on it, do not replace the variable by the full path or you will encounter errors during publish.
```
